Make `close.on_state_change.removed: false` default on Linux/Mac (#43978)
elastic/beats: docs/release-notes/breaking-changes.md

% Description and impact of the breaking change.
% For more information, check [PR #](PR link).

> ::::{dropdown} 'close.on_state_change.removed' defaults to false on Linux and MacOS.

Reviewer: It's better to invert here and put the exception in the documentation instead of listing all the rest. Technically, we can Filebeat on BSD and perhaps something else too.

```suggestion
::::{dropdown} 'close.on_state_change.removed' defaults to `true` on Windows and `false` on the rest of the platforms.
```
